Constants:
	
    Players 1, -1, null
    How to win
    MasterDeck 

Variables: 

	Status of game
	Cards
	Current player
    player hand
    computer hand

Cached:

	Play Again button
	Message 
	Card Deck
    WAR

Event Listeners:

	Click, init
	Click, flip card

Functions:
	
	Init
	Render message - Player Wins!, You're a Loser!, Good Luck!
    shuffle 
    split
    deal
    Handle flip card deck - once the card is clicked this will invoke the
                            play function.
    play - pull one card from each player, compare the cards to see who
            wins the hand, if player 1 is higher they win if player -1 is
            higher then they win the hand.
	Get winner - Whoever has all 52 cards or not enough cards to go to war
	


Have a start button
    Once the start button is clicked the card deck will get shuffled
        function shuffle(deck) 
    Then the deck will be split evenly one at a time to each player (i.e. player then computer back and forth until all cards are dealt)
        a function to split the cards and then a function to deal the cards.        

Once cards are dealt
    The players cards need to be set to players hand & 
    The computers cards need to be set to computers hand   
        function(play)  

Now that the hands are set
    Each player will start flipping their cards over one at a time
    The player with the higher card takes that round
    if each player flips over a card with the same value (i.e. two 8s)
    then you go to WAR.
    each player will lay down 3 cards face down and then a 4th card face up.
    If the players 4th card is the same then they have another round of WAR
    However if they are different then the player with the higher card wins the WAR
        There will be a while loop pushing the cards to the bottom of the players hand
        A function to compare who's hand wins the rounds.
        A War function 

When one player has all 52 cards they win
        There will be a winner function

However if WAR is rendered and one player doesn't have the 4 extra cards 
needed to go to war then they lose and the game is over

Once game ends a Play Again button will appear.
